1. value : 'hello',-87.8
   expressions : *,/,-,+

2. Strings is a data type for a a sequence of characters,numbers. Strings can not be used for calculation (even if your string is just a number like ‘5’), you would have to convert it to a number data type first to perform math operations on it.
   The string data type is primarily used for reading and writing data.
   Variables are references that you create to refer to other values in your program later. 

3. Describe three different data types.
   1. Numeric : Numeric data type repsents the data which has numeric value. 
      It can be integer,float,complex numbers. These values are defined as int,float and complex class.
   2. Sequence Type : Sequence is ordered collection of similar or different data types . It includes 
      String,list,tuple.
   3. Boolean : Data Type with one of the two built in values, True or False.

4. Expression is made of combination of values and operators. All this expression evaluate to a single value.

5. Statements represent an action or command e.g print statements, assignment statements. e.g. 'hello',x=1
   Expression is a combination of variables, operations and values that yields a result value. e.g. 5 * 5 # yields 25

6. bacon = 22
   bacon + 1
   Ans : 23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
   'spam' + 'spamspam' 
    Ans : 'spamspamspam'

   'spam' * 3
    Ans : 'spamspamspam'

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
   Variable name cannot start with a number .

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
   version of a value?
   The int(),float() and str() functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
   version of a value.

10.Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
   'I have eaten' + 99 + 'burritos'

    Ans : 'I have eaten' + str(99) + 'burritos' . Doing type casting would resolve the error.

   